A pattern is a reusable solution that can be applied to commonly occurring problems in software design.

Design patterns have three main benefits:
Patterns are proven solutions: They provide solid approaches to solving issues in software development using
  proven techniques that reflect the experience and insights the developers that helped define them bring to the pattern.
Patterns can be easily reused: A pattern usually reflects an out of the box solution that can be adapted 
  to suit our own needs. This feature makes them quite robust.
Patterns can be expressive: When we look at a pattern there’s generally a set structure and vocabulary to the
 solution presented that can help express rather large solutions quite elegantly.

 Categories Of Design Pattern:
*Creational Design Patterns
  Creational design patterns focus on handling object creation mechanisms where objects are created in a manner
  suitable for the situation we're working in. The basic approach to object creation might otherwise lead to
  added complexity in a project whilst these patterns aim to solve this problem by controlling the creation process.

  Patterns like: Constructor, Factory, Abstract, Prototype, Singleton and Builder.

*Structural Design Patterns
  Structural patterns are concerned with object composition and typically identify simple ways to realize
  relationships between different objects. They help ensure that when one part of a system changes, the entire
  structure of the system doesn't need to do the same. They also assist in recasting parts of the system which
  don't fit a particular purpose into those that do.
  Patterns: Decorator, Facade, Flyweight, Adapter and Proxy.

*Behavioral Design Patterns
  Behavioral patterns focus on improving or streamlining the communication between disparate objects in a system.
  Patterns: Iterator, Mediator, Observer and Visitor.

   Creational	  Based on the concept of creating an object.
    Class
      Factory - Method	This makes an instance of several derived classes based on interfaced data or events.
    Object
      Abstract - Factory	Creates an instance of several families of classes without detailing concrete classes.
      Builder -	Separates object construction from its representation, always creates the same type of object.
      Prototype -	A fully initialized instance used for copying or cloning.
      Singleton -	A class with only a single instance with global access points.
 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
  Structural	  Based on the idea of building blocks of objects.
    Class
      Adapter -	Match interfaces of different classes therefore classes can work together despite incompatible
      interfaces.
    Object
      Adapter -	Match interfaces of different classes therefore classes can work together despite incompatible
      interfaces.
      Bridge -	Separates an object's interface from its implementation so the two can vary independently.
      Composite -	A structure of simple and composite objects which makes the total object more than just the sum
      of its parts.
      Decorator -	Dynamically add alternate processing to objects.
      Facade -	A single class that hides the complexity of an entire subsystem.
      Flyweight -	A fine-grained instance used for efficient sharing of information that is contained elsewhere.
      Proxy -	A place holder object representing the true object.
 
  Behavioral	  Based on the way objects play and work together.
    Class
      Interpreter -	A way to include language elements in an application to match the grammar of the intended language.
      Template - Method	Creates the shell of an algorithm in a method, then defer the exact steps to a subclass.
    Object
      Chain of Responsibility -	A way of passing a request between a chain of objects to find the object that can
        handle the request.
      Command	Encapsulate - a command request as an object to enable, logging and/or queuing of requests,
        and provides error-handling for unhandled requests.
      Iterator -	Sequentially access the elements of a collection without knowing the inner workings of the collection.
      Mediator -	Defines simplified communication between classes to prevent a group of classes from referring
       explicitly to each other.
      Memento -	Capture an object's internal state to be able to restore it later.
      Observer -	A way of notifying change to a number of classes to ensure consistency between the classes.
      State	Alter - an object's behavior when its state changes.
      Strategy -	Encapsulates an algorithm inside a class separating the selection from the implementation.
      Visitor -	Adds a new operation to a class without changing the class.